  List of Page Elements:
logical_ops = cluster of wysiwyg buttons
plus = plus buttons
nodes = text boxes
rule_selectors = cluster of rule-selection buttons
checkboxes = checkboxes to the left of nodes
citation_selector = box labeled 'rule' under which students cite the rule they used

  Conditionals:
//logical_ops
if logical_ops is selected, insert corresponding character at location of text cursor.
if user scrolls down the page, logical_ops follows.

//nodes
if text cursor is located in node, then user can input text into that node.

//checkboxes
if checkbox is selected, and splitting rule OR stacking rule is selected, then that rule should be added to the tree with its corresponding nodes and checkmark should become permanent.
if closure rule from rule_selector is selected, AND two separate checkboxes are selected, then apply closure rule.
if checkbox is checked, AND a rule is selected, AND a citation_selector is chosen, then the checkmark should become permanent.

//plus
if plus button is selected, then additional node is added to each open node AND plus button disappears.


//rule_selectors
if checkbox is selected, AND splitting rule is selected, then two branches and corresponding nodes appear below open node(s).
if checkbox is selected, AND stacking rule is selected, then two nodes appear below open node(s).
if rule is applied, AND user selects a character from citation_selector, then that character should appear to the right of new node(s) as well as the line number of the 'checked' node.
if closure rule is selected AND one of the nodes selected is /not/ an open, bottom-tier node, then everything below the lowest check-marked node should be deleted. 
